Update README.md (#325)
gakonst/foundry: forge/README.md

- `function deal(address who, uint256 amount)`: Sets an account's balance

- `function etch(address where, bytes memory what)`: Sets the contract code at
  some address contract code

> - `function prank(address from)`: Performs the next smart contract call as another address (prank just changes tx.origin. Tx still occurs as normal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `function prank(address from)`: Performs the next smart contract call as another address (prank just changes msg.sender. Tx still occurs as normal)
```

https://github.com/gakonst/foundry/blob/a6af7b552c5d14aaf5df64836dccc19428e97436/evm-adapters/src/sputnik/cheatcodes/cheatcode_handler.rs#L460

> - `function prankStart(address from)`: Performs smart contract calls as another address

Reviewer: they are called startPrank and stopPrank, if you can change that

Author: Fixed it, got confused with the PRs old names

> - `function startPrank(address from)`: Performs smart contract calls as another address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `function startPrank(address from)`: Performs smart contract calls as another address. The account impersonation lasts until the end of the transaction, or until `stopPrank` is called.
```

> - `function stopPrank()`: Stop calling smart contract with the address set at prankStart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `function stopPrank()`: Stop calling smart contracts with the address set at `startPrank`
```
